OLAP Operations - 1
This OLAP operation involves computing all of the data relationships for one or more dimensions.
answer: roll-up

OLAP Operations - 2
This OLAP Operation rotates the data, and delivers an alternative to the original presentation. 
answer: pivot

OLAP Cube Metadata
What is the source of the cube metadata for OLAP?
answer: Both star and snowflake schema(s)

OLAP Name(s)
Which of these are alternate names for an OLAP Cube? The options in the top row are a and b respecitvely and those in the bottom row are c and d.
answer: Multidimensional Cube and HyperCube

The Total View
Which of these provides a total view of the organization?
answer: Data Warehousing

OLAP Operation Types
Consider a fact table DataPoints(D1,D2,D3,x), and the following three queries:
Q1: Select D1,D2,D3,Sum(x) From DataPoints Group By D1,D2,D3
Q2: Select D1,D2,D3,Sum(x) From DataPoints Group By D1,D2,D3 WITH CUBE
Q3: Select D1,D2,D3,Sum(x) From DataPoints Group By D1,D2,D3 WITH ROLLUP
Suppose attributes D1, D2, and D3 have n1, n2, and n3 different values respectively, 
and assume that each possible combination of values appears at least once in the table DataPoints. 
The number of tuples in the result of each of the three queries above can be specified as an arithmetic 
formula involving n1, n2, and n3. Pick the one tuple (a,b,c,d,e,f) in the list below such that when n1=a, n2=b, and n3=c, 
then the result sizes of queries Q1, Q2, and Q3 are d, e, and f respectively.
answer: (4, 7, 3, 84, 160, 117)
-- CUBE:   a*b*c + (a*b + a*c + b*c) + (a+b+c) + 1
-- ROLLUP: a*b*c + (a*b)             + (a)     + 1

Rolling-up means that we remove information from our query (e.g. a table).
Drilling-down means that add information to our query (e.g. a table).
Slicing means filtering data of the cube by constraining data across a single dimension (e.g. take all items whose size is less than 10).
Dicing is exactly the same as slicing by the constraining of the data happens across multiple dimensions, so instead of a slice we get a chunk or dice of data.

Slice:
A slice is a subset of a multi-dimensional array corresponding to a single value for one or more members of the dimensions not in the subset.
Dice:
The dice operation is a slice on more than two dimensions of a data cube (or more than two consecutive slices).
Drill Down/Up:
Drilling down or up is a specific analytical technique whereby the user navigates among levels of data ranging from the most summarized (up) to the most detailed (down).
Roll-up:
(Aggregate, Consolidate) A roll-up involves computing all of the data relationships for one or more dimensions. To do this, a computational relationship or formula might be defined.
Pivot:
This operation is also called rotate operation. It rotates the data in order to provide an alternative presentation of data – the report or page display takes a different dimensional orientation.